<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="default_user_accounts" audience="expert" outputclass="pdf" xml:lang="en-US" status="new">
    <title>Default user accounts</title>
    <shortdesc>IBM StoredIQ comes with a set of default user accounts.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>For security reasons, change the passwords for these default accounts after the
            installation is complete so that they are unique and different from the default values.
            The new password must be 8 to 64 characters long and must contain characters from at
            least three of these categories:</p>
        <ul id="ul_sn4_fsd_vjb">
            <li>Uppercase letters: A - Z</li>
            <li>Lowercase letters: a - z</li>
            <li>Digits: 0 - 9</li>
            <li>Punctuation marks or special characters: . : = * ˆ / $ # _ + @ &amp; % -</li>
        </ul>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_ptn_hsd_vjb">
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="newCol2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top">Account</entry>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top">Default password</entry>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top">Description</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top"><codeph>admin</codeph></entry>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top"><codeph>admin</codeph></entry>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top">Administrative account for accessing IBM
                            StoredIQ Data Server. Use this account for the initial setup of the data
                            server and to create further administrative accounts for routine
                                administration.<p>Change the password in IBM StoredIQ Data Server
                                under <b>Administration</b> > <b>Configuration</b> > <b>Manage
                                    users</b>.</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top"><codeph>audituser</codeph></entry>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top"><codeph>Passw0rd</codeph>!</entry>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top">Account for accessing the audit database on
                            the AppStack. <p>Change the password by running the
                                    <b>change_audituser_password</b> script as siqadmin user on the
                                AppStack.</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top"><codeph>builder</codeph></entry>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top">None. Password is set during initial
                            configuration.</entry>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top">Account for setting up and configuring the
                            Elasticsearch cluster.<p> You can change the password by using the Linux
                                    <b>passwd</b> command.</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top"><codeph>reportuser</codeph></entry>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top"><codeph>St0red1q</codeph></entry>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top">Account for accessing the report database
                            on the AppStack. <p>Change the password by running the
                                    <b>change_reportuser_password</b> script as
                                    <codeph>siqadmin</codeph> user on the AppStack.</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top"><codeph>siqadmin</codeph></entry>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top"><codeph>Passw0rd</codeph>!</entry>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top">Administrative account for managing the
                            AppStack server. For more information, see the administration guide.
                                <p>With new installations, you are prompted for a new password
                                during the initial configuration of the AppStack. In updated
                                deployments, change the password by using the Linux <b>passwd</b>
                                command.</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top"><codeph>superadmin</codeph></entry>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top"><codeph>admin</codeph></entry>
                        <entry align="left" valign="top">Administrative account for accessing IBM
                            StoredIQ Administrator and IBM StoredIQ Data Server. Use this account
                            for the initial setup of IBM StoredIQ and to create further
                            administrative accounts for routine administration so that their actions
                            can be audited. <p>Change the password in IBM StoredIQ Administrator: go
                                to <b>Users</b> and edit the <codeph>superadmin</codeph>
                                account.</p> The <codeph>superadmin</codeph> account has access to
                            all IBM StoredIQ applications on the application stack. To switch
                            applications, click the triangle arrow icon and select the application
                            that you want to access from the list of the available
                            applications.</entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
    </conbody>
</concept>
