<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="planning_for_deployment" audience="expert" outputclass="pdf" xml:lang="en-US" status="changed">
    <title>Planning for deployment</title>
    <shortdesc>When you plan a deployment of IBM StoredIQ, evaluate several infrastructure
        considerations. In addition to the information in this section, review the requirements
        detailed in the IBM Software Product Compatibility Reports (SPCR) tool at: Software Product
        Compatibility Reports: StoredIQ 7.6 </shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <keyword>system requirements</keyword>
                <keyword>hardware requirements</keyword>
                <keyword>end of service</keyword>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <p>If you plan to use IBM StoredIQ for Legal Identification and Collection to create and
            manage data boxes and data requests that are to be fulfilled by IBM StoredIQ, also check
            the system requirements for StoredIQ for Legal at: Software Product Compatibility
            Reports: StoredIQ for Legal 2.0.3</p>
        <section id="section_o1k_lgd_vjb">
            <title>Generate customized reports with the SPCR tool</title>
            <p>Go to the page at Software Product Compatibility Reports to create a high-level
                report for supported operating systems, related software, hypervisors, and supported
                translations for any product. You can also create an in-depth report to get detailed
                system requirements, hardware requirements, and end of service information for each
                product. You can search for a product in all of the report types and reports are
                generated based on your query values.</p>
            <p>The following report types are the most commonly generated reports from software
                product compatibility reports:</p>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Detailed system requirements</dt>
                    <dd>When you select your product version for the detailed system requirements
                        report, you can set a report filter for<uicontrol> Operating system
                            platforms</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Product components</uicontrol>, and
                            <uicontrol>Capabilities</uicontrol>, including prerequisites and support
                        software. After you view the report, you can save it as a URL to generate
                        anytime or download it as a PDF.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Hardware requirements</dt>
                    <dd>When you select your product version for the hardware requirements report,
                        you can set a report filter by the<uicontrol>Operating system
                            families</uicontrol> option. Set the operating system filter by
                        selecting some or all of the operating systems that are supported by your
                        product. After you view the report, you can save it as a URL to generate
                        anytime or download it as a PDF.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>End of service</dt>
                    <dd>The end of service report shows the service window of the products that you
                        specify over an eightyear span. For example, you can find out when your
                        product is scheduled to go out of service.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
