<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="secure_communication_and_encryption_of_data_in_motion">
    <title>Secure communication and encryption of data in motion</title>
    <shortdesc>In a production environment, you should configure or install certificates on the
        AppStack to enable HTTPS communication and to enable encryption of data in motion between
        the browser and the AppStack. You can to this during installation and initial configuration
        or at any time afterward. For details, see the instructions for configuring
        certificates.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>The gateway handles the communication between the data servers and the application stack.
            By default, the communication between the gateway, any data servers, and the AppStack is
            in plain text and is not encrypted. If your enterprise security policy mandates
            encryption of data in motion, enable secure gateway communication. In this case, secure
            gateway communication must be configured on all three IBM StoredIQ components. You can
            enable secure gateway communication during installation and initial configuration or at
            any time afterward. For details, see “Managing the status of secure gateway
            communication” on page 54.</p>
        <p>IBM StoredIQ then uses stunnel to ensure secure communication between the components. If
            your environment includes data servers of the type DataServer - Distributed, stunnel can
            also be used to encrypt the communication between the nodes within the Elasticsearch
            cluster but not for encrypting the communication between the data server and the
            Elasticsearch cluster.</p>
        <p>To secure the communication between the data server and the Elasticsearch cluster and the
            communication within the Elasticsearch cluster likewise, you can enable Search Guard.
            For more information, see “Securing Elasticsearch cluster communication with Search
            Guard” on page 51. If you don't want to do that but still want to restrict client access
            to port 9200 on the Elasticsearch nodes, you can set up the firewall accordingly. For
            more information, see “Restricting access to port 9200 on Elasticsearch nodes” on page
            52.</p>
        <p>If FIPS is not enabled, the following cipher suites and encryption algorithm are used for
            data at rest: </p>
        <p><codeph>TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256</codeph></p>
        <p><codeph>TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256</codeph></p>
        <p>You can configure these cipher suites in the configuration files listed in the list of
            key and certificate files. However, if you run the utilities for enabling stunnel, you
            might need to make the respective configuration changes again.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
