<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="deploying_the_virtual_appliances">
    <title>Deploying the virtual appliances</title>
    <taskbody>
        <context>Use VMware vSphere Client to deploy the virtual appliances to an ESX server. Deploy
            OVAs for the gateway, the data server, and the application stack, preferably in this
            order. If an Elasticsearch cluster is also being deployed, those OVAs must be deployed
                first.<p>Ensure that all prerequisites for the deployment described in the planning
                section are met and that the required software packages are available on your local
                system before you start this task.</p><p>Download the latest version of IBM StoredIQ
                from either IBM Fix Central or IBM Passport Advantage®. For information about the
                package names and part numbers and the links to the proper download locations, see
                the download document.</p><p>The number of Elasticsearch OVAs deployed depends on
                the planned size of your Elasticsearch cluster. The default setup is a three-node
                cluster. Each Elasticsearch node requires a separate OVA deployment.</p><p>The
                number of data server OVAs deployed depends on the number of data servers needed.
                Each data server requires a separate OVA deployment.</p></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Connect to the ESX server or vCenter server.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Open VMware vSphere Client.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select File > Deploy OVF Template.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Within the Deploy OVF Template wizard, complete these steps.</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the Select source page, click Local file, and then browse to and
                            select the appropriate OVF. Click Next.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the Review details page, review the OVF template details.</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <p>These storage requirements are critical and will be used to select a
                                data store during deployment. Click Next to proceed.</p>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the Select name and folder page, enter a name for the deployed
                            template or use the default name. Click Next.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the Select a resource page, select the resource pool where the
                            deployed OVF template runs. Click Next.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the Select storage page, select a data store on which to store
                            the deployed OVF template files. Click Next.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the Disk Format list, select the disk format to be deployed.
                            Note that although Thin Provision saves disk space, it can negatively
                            affect performance. If possible, select Thick Provision Lazy Zeroed.
                            Click Next.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the Network Mapping, map the network to the appropriate network.
                            Click Next.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Within the Ready to Complete page, review the deployment settings.
                            Click Finish to complete the Deploy OVF Template.</cmd>
                        <info>At this point, you can select the Power on check box to turn on the VM
                            after deployment is complete.</info>
                        <info>
                            <note type="important">If your IBM StoredIQ environment includes an
                                Elasticsearch cluster, do not select this option when you're
                                deploying the data server OVA. The Elasticsearch cluster setup must
                                be complete before you run the data server first-boot
                                process.</note>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Repeat steps 3 and 4 for each OVA.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <postreq id="postreq_rgz_n5d_vjb">
            <p>Configure the components of your IBM StoredIQ environment in this order:</p>
            <ol id="ol_f5t_45d_vjb">
                <li>Elasticsearch cluster (if applicable)</li>
                <li>Gateway</li>
                <li>One or more data servers</li>
                <li>Application stack</li>
            </ol>
        </postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
